tell me more people with a grin at
ringside dmt season's fan favorite here
over Christian boss
for less painful
wow this
look at this
coming from an armbar your Christian
cross products in his arm torn off in
the first two seconds bmt joined himself
chewing his gum oh look at that reversal
looks like it that is under all each
other
I wouldn't expect it relaxes these a lot
more fighting on the Miss Kristen floss
a better paying for up
security guard securing much
here we go back to the corner for onto
the face Roger guns through all the size
Christian cross one fluid motion from
the quickness on top no let's um what
jumps up rick wob stone to the ropes
here we go up and over the Incan oh
right here mrs. midsection that's it
he's down he grows room let's go roll
back punch in the face Irish whip look
down take the midsection kick to the
head to the second low fakes it
surrounds over the top tornado DDT
Christian cross rolls out of the ring
I'm out of breath God knows they both
are more wouldn't exchange them what a
time on that
that was impressive that is powering Roy
wrestling sorry I talked to the whole
time trying to make sure you knew it was
going on Christian plus he's got to be
busy mom's been up Tommy security may be
sure the kids don't slap Christian cross
to art aarielle rest mr. brush breaks
the count Robin is dead but his bearings
he's going to look as I below us time he
was in business he made a minute is
going after Ariel Oh Christian folks
that was a solid right hand close to his
rep sack I guess he's letting it go cuss
on the outside blows in the front so
that is what a size advantage will do
phase one right hand and now the playing
field has become bmd stores a lot of
life left enemy is the lovely Ariel
cheering him on
after breakfast again
the big one oh wait smelly knows i'm
still fused with himself as what he is
the team and smile look at that
Dixon giving five of this we've been had
Marvin Swansea must warn you gorgeous
doctors it seems now
we already saw place in zoo steal
victory tonight